Add S51 Khalimsky line, an example of a non-T1 cut point space (#1167)
pi-base/data: spaces/S000051/properties/P000089.md

---
space: S000051
property: P000089
value: false
---

> $x\mapsto x+2i$ is a continuous map with no fixed points for any nonzero $i\in\mathbb Z$.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$x\mapsto x+2$ is a continuous map with no fixed points.
```
Simplest is best.
